Simple Clean up, .gitignore improved, PR template added (#227)
cleanlab/cleanvision: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Summary

> > What is the reason for this Pull-Request? Are you bumping the version?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> What is the reason for this Pull-Request?
```

Reviewer: I don't think this suggestion got incorporated in the latest version? 
This is most important part of the PR template IMO, it saves immense time for reviewers to see code snippet and outputs at the top of the PR before digging into details.

Author: Interesting! 

I am pretty sure I committed the suggestion but somehow it is gone. 

I am recommitting it now.

Author: ✅ Updated the PR template with the above suggestion.

## Impact

> What is the scope of your changes and who/where do you think they will affect?

## Testing

> > What testing have you done and verified? If you can't test, please say why that is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> What testing have you done and verified? Please link to the one unit test that is most end-to-end check of your new functionality. It's ok if your unit tests are not yet comprehensive when you first open the PR, we can revisit them later!  
```

-

## Ticket(s) or Conversations

> What Git or Slack items (Issues, threads etc) are specifically related to this work? Please link them here.

> ## References
> 
> > Do you have any relevant URLs or Wiki pages that could help give background information for the changes in this Pull-Request? These are usually StackOverflow posts, Notion wiki pages, Wikipedia articles, or links to APIs and Documentation of third-party packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## References

> Include any extra information that may be helpful to reviewers of your Pull-Request here (e.g. relevant URLs or Wiki pages that could help give background information). If relevant, please include additional code snippets (and their outputs/return values) showing alternative ways to use your newly added methods.
```
